-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       Infoissimo v1.1 - by Simon Speight
                                    (c) 1996

                      **** Sound Studio compatible ****

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


About Infoissimo
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

    If you think about it, there is an awful lot of information contained in a
module besides the actual tune itself.  Now, you could go trawling through the
various parts of OctaMED to go get it all, but how much nicer it would be if
some kind soul would write a script to bring together all that information for
you, wouldn't it?  If you've ever thought this, I'm about to make your day,
because Infoissmo (Info for short) is an ARexx script for OctaMED v6 and higher
that does just that.


Requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~

    In order to make writing AND using Infoissimo a nicer experience, I have
used some functions of the (frankly excellent) RexxReqTools package.  As a
result of this, you will need the following files in LIBS:

rexxreqtools.library, reqtools.library, diskfont.library, rexxsyslib.library

    The last three of those shouldn't be a problem - diskfont.library comes with
Workbench, rexxsyslib.library comes with ARexx, and has anybody NOT got
reqtools.library?

    If you do not have rexxreqtools.library, then the distribution can be found
on the Aminet as /util/rexx/RexxReqTools.lha.


Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~

    Assuming you have the files mentioned above in the right place, it just
remains to do the following;

- copy the file Info.omed to a directory of your choice (I recommend the Rexx
drawer within the main OctaMED drawer).

- set up a keyboard shortcut (Settings/Keyboard Shortcuts) for the script.

    Now you're ready to go.


Usage
~~~~~

    When you start the script, there will be a short pause before the first
requester appears - this is Infoissimo gathering all its information.  Be
patient - it only happens once.

    The first thing you'll see is the introductory requester - this just
summarises what the script does, and presents you with some gadgets.  Each of
these (except Cancel, obviously) represents a category about which you can see
some information.  These can be selected by clicking the gadgets, or pressing
the key corresponding to the underlined letter in any gadget.

    The categories are fairly self-explanatory, but I'll just give you an idea
of what each one covers;

OctaMED     : version information about your OctaMED, and its ARexx implementation.

Song        : current song title, channel mode, song number, total number of
              songs, file size (see SPECIAL NOTE below), tempo, number of blocks
              and number of unused blocks.

Section     : current section name, number, and total number of sections.

Instruments : the number of instruments split into different types (sample,
              synth, etc).

Annotation  : the current (short) annotation string.

(If you are unsure what any of these are, or what some of the values/acronyms
used in the Infoissimo requesters are, check your manual before asking me!)

    Each of the categories has its own requester, and each requester has the
same gadgets on it, so every category can be accessed from every other.

    And that's all there is to it.


** SPECIAL NOTE **: Since the same song in different formats are different
sizes, I really need to know the format before working out the file size.  By
default, the file size in the "Song" requester will tell you the size of just
the current song (as opposed to a Multi-Module) in MMD1 format.  If you wish to 
change this, then load the script into a text editor and look near the top of the
script for two variables together called "format" and "type" (they are
accompanied by a comment):

"format" is the format of the project itself - this can be either MMD0, MMD1, MMD2
or SMF0 (you should see that its currently set to MMD1).

"type" is the type of project.  It is currently set to "CURRSONG" which means it
will tell you the size of just the CURRent SONG.  If you wish this to display
the size of ALL songs in the current project, change this from "CURRSONG" to
"MULTIMOD".


Credits & Thanks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Teijo Kinnunen & Ray Burt-Frost for the fabulous OctaMED!

- Rafael D'Halleweyn for the RexxReqTools package, and Nico François for
creating ReqTools at all!

[Want to see your name here?  If you can think of a feature you'd like to see in
Infoissimo, contact me (see below) and if it gets put in, your name goes on this
list! :-) ]


Legal
~~~~~

    This archive (containing the script and this doc file) may be freely
distributed providing it is kept in its original form (that means no addition,
removal or alteration of data - not including archiving method), and that NO
money be charged for obtaining it.

    RBF Software may distribute this with future releases of OctaMED completely
free of charge, should they wish to do so.

    I have tested this script to the best of my abilities, but I make no
guarantees as to its reliability.  I will accept no responsibility for any
damage or loss of data resulting from the use of this script.  By executing the
script, you show your acceptance of these terms.


Contact
~~~~~~~

    I would appreciate it, if you find this script useful, if you would drop me
a line and let me know.  I can be found at the following addresses (in order of
preference);

    simons@telecall.co.uk
    2:259/66.34@fidonet
    39:137/12.34@amiganet


    Please feel free to contact me if you find any bugs in Infoissimo, or if you
have any suggestions regarding Infoissimo, or any other script you would like to
see written - I guarantee that all suggestions will be considered.


"Das ist alles."  Simon...
