-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                         `19' v1.0 - by Simon Speight
                                   (c) 1996

                      **** Sound Studio compatible ****

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


About `19'
~~~~~~~~~~

    `19' is an ARexx script for OctaMED v6 (or later, probably) that helps you
to work out the offset you need for the 19xx command (Sample Start Offset). 

    Useful as said command is (and it is!) it's a nightmare to work out what
offset value you need - I usually end up doing some painfully boring conversions
with a calculator - so with the arrival of OctaMED v6 with its ARexx port, I saw
an end to all that fannying about, and `19' was born, named after the command it
serves.


Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~

    Very easy - just copy the script itself ("19.omed") anywhere you like (I
suggest that the Rexx drawer inside the main OctaMED drawer is the best place),
and then set up a keyboard shortcut (from the Settings/Keyboard Shortcuts menu)
for it.  Now you're ready to go!


Usage
~~~~~

Command line usage:

RX 19.omed [REQ]

    Making sure that you have a sample loaded (`19' will complain if you
haven't!), open the Sample Editor, and mark a range that starts at the point in
the sample that you are interested in - this is useful as it allows you to hear
that you have it in the right place.  Now, run the script (using whatever
shortcut you have assigned to it) and it will convert the position of the start
of your range into a value for the 19xx command.

    By default, `19' will report this value to the title bar of the OctaMED
screen - if you prefer it (as I do) to appear in a requester, then supply the
REQ argument to the script (and yes, arguments do work in the Keyboard Shortcuts
editor).

    There are a few things to note about using `19':

- if, when you try out the value `19' gives you, it doesn't sound quite right,
try adjusting it one either way.  The reason for this uncertainty is because the
19xx command is only accurate to 256 bytes - that is, for every one you add to
the value, you are moving 256 bytes along the sample.  Because of this, `19' has
to perform a certain amount of rounding to get to its final figure, and it may
not sound EXACTLY as you marked it in the sample editor (though it won't be much
different).

- there are a few things that will cause `19' to complain.  These are: not
having a sample loaded, not having a range set (or rather, having the Range
Start and Range End both set to 0), trying to use it on the wrong type of
instrument, & having a sample of less than 256 bytes loaded (not much point, is
there?).  If any of these are true, `19' brings up a requester, telling you, and
exits.

    And that's all there is to it...


Credits and Thanks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Thanks to Teijo Kinnunen & Ray Burt-Frost for the monster of a program that is
OctaMED v6, and for giving me an ARexx port to play with! :-)

Thanks to Dan Brooke, Andy Dowds and Alistair Knock for answering my (sometimes
blindingly obvious!) questions about ARexx.

Everything else by me :-)


Legal
~~~~~

    This is complete Freeware - copy it and spread it to your heart's content. 
I do ask that you leave the archive exactly as it is though - no removal,
addition or alteration of data (not including archiving method).

    RBF Software have permission to include this with future releases of
OctaMED free of charge, should they wish to do so.

    Not that there's really much call for this with this script, but there is
ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY with this script.  I have tested it to the best of my
abilities, but I will accept no responsibility for any damage resulting from its
use.  By executing the script you indicate your acceptance of these terms.


Contact
~~~~~~~

    I would appreciate it, if you find this script useful, if you would drop me
a line and let me know.  I can be found at the following addresses (in order of
preference);

    simons@telecall.co.uk
    2:255/110.7@fidonet
    39:137/12.34@amiganet


    Please feel free to contact me if you find any bugs in `19', or if you have
any suggestions regarding `19', or any other script you would like to see
written - I guarantee that all suggestions will be considered.


That's all folks - see yaz.  Simon...
