-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                            Sizes - by Simon Speight
                                    (c) 1996

                      **** Sound Studio compatible ****

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


About Sizes
~~~~~~~~~~~

    The one thing I missed when I moved from Protracker to OctaMED, was a little
gauge telling you how much memory the tune was currently taking up.  So when
OctaMED v6 arrived with ARexx, I got to work!

    And that's all this script does - tell you how big your current project is.


Requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~

    In order to make this script easier to use, and nicer to look at, it uses
some functions of the RexxReqTools package.  As a result, you'll need the
following libraries in LIBS:
    - rexxreqtools.library (used by the script)
    - reqtools.library (required by RexxReqTools)
    - rexxsyslib.library (required by RexxReqTools)
    - diskfont.library (required by RexxReqTools)

    You should already have rexxsyslib.library and diskfont.library as the
former comes with ARexx, and the latter with Workbench.

    If you haven't got ReqTools installed WHY NOT?!?

    RexxReqTools can be obtained from any Aminet site as
/util/rexx/RexxReqTools.lha


Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~

    Assuming you have the files mentioned above in the right place, then it
simply remains to do the following;

- copy the file "Sizes.omed" into a directory of your choice (I recommend the
Rexx drawer inside the main OctaMED drawer)

- set up a keyboard shortcut (Settings/Keyboard Shortcuts) for this script
(remembering to also include any argument you need - see Usage)


Usage
~~~~~

Command line usage:

RX Sizes.omed [MMD0|MMD1|MMD2|SMF0]

    By default (ie, running the script with no arguments), you will be presented
with a requester, asking you to choose a file format (if you are unsure as to
the differences between the formats, please check your OctaMED manual).  Once
selected another requester will appear telling you what size your current song
would be, and what size all the songs in your current project would be, if saved
out in the selected format.  Simply press <Return> or <t> to close the requester.

    I would imagine that most people (like myself) save out 99% of the time in
the same format.  Therefore, to save going through the laborious task of
selecting that format every time, simply supply the format as an argument to the
script (accepted arguments being "SMF0", "MMD0", "MMD1", and "MMD2" (case
independant, but without speech marks)) and you can skip the initial requester.


Why use RexxReqTools?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

    Some people are bound to wonder why such a simple script uses an external
library.  The answer is simple: OctaMED's built in requesters are fine for
simple messages, but try to display some information and it gets messy. 
RexxReqTools provides many useful features, not least of which being some form
of text formatting, makes it easier to use for the user by way of keyboard
shortcuts for all gadgets, and its only 11k...


Credits & Thanks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Thanks to:

- Teijo Kinnunen & Ray Burt-Frost for the almighty OctaMED!

- Rafael D'Halleweyn for the superb RexxReqTools package (and Nico François for
ReqTools in the first place!).

- Dan Brooke & Alistair Knock for answering my questions about ARexx, and
managing to come up with different answers :-)

Concept and all coding by me!


Legal
~~~~~

    This archive (containing the script and this doc file) may be freely
distributed providing it is kept in its original form (that means no addition,
removal or alteration of data) (not including archiving method), and that no
money be charged for obtaining it.

    RBF Software may distribute this with future releases of OctaMED completely
free of charge.

    I have tested this script to the best of my abilities, but I make no
guarantees as to its reliability.  I will accept no responsibility for any
damage or loss of data resulting from the use of this script.  By executing the
script, you show your acceptance of these terms.


Contact
~~~~~~~

    I would appreciate it, if you find this script useful, if you would drop me
a line and let me know.  I can be found at the following addresses;

    simons@telecall.co.uk
    2:259/66.34@fidonet
    39:137/12.34@amiganet


    Please feel free to contact me if you find any bugs in Sizes, or if you have
any suggestions regarding Sizes, or any other script you would like to see
written - I guarantee that all suggestions will be considered.


"Th-th-th th-that's all folks!"  Simon...
